all right yeah yesterday I asked you for
your green screen memes so a couple of
days ago I gave you all some terrible
green screen templates for you to insert
into your memes and normally I would say
that you tried your best
let's see them anyway we'll start with
the submission from the world-famous
insert meme here one of my favorite
youtubers very nice great build up great
reveal there's tension this submission
gets an A for me it's an easy a I file
that one under oddly satisfying next
here's a submission from a dubs meme
Emporium it's all of my green screen
memes but at the same time let's see if
you deliver on your promise I'm
underwhelmed while you delivered on your
promise I wanted so much more see Plus
this is average this is an average meme
I'm so sorry
look I don't make the rules I'm very
nervous about this next one because this
person has a furry as their avatar so
already regretting this choice let's see
what you did No
No why are you scrolling down please
don't hey I wasn't that one was not okay
a plus 2 anyone who hasn't seen it yet
this is the kiss at jacksFilms wedding
and I challenged you not to cry hashtag
jackal II Erin after all this looks
sweet it is my absolute honor to
pronounce you husband and wife Jack now
you may kiss your beautiful bride that's
perfect
once again I'm throwing out an A+
because I don't know how you make that
one any better shame on you for wanting
to see my wife and I kiss that's
disgusting kyoya said now that's what I
call too much editing for another
jacksFilms meme hey once you quit
complaining and show me what you got I'm
excited to see this trash let's go
that's what I call quit you know that's
what I call quit yeah that's what I call
that's what I call it's so stupid
oh that's so stupid I've never heard a
chipmunk voice like that before a plus
plus you get the only a plus plus this
next admission is from the world famous
animes squiddy let's check it out
I hope this one sucks an attack on Titan
meme that's what makes me break B+
because I'm angry that worked
hey checks films everyone has tried and
failed to do this technique so I made
the actual one whatever could you be
talking about also you sound really
cocky maybe tone it down a bit
no that's what I call pretty epic oh god
you're under arrest
wow wow the timing for this is really
good perfect rhythm perfect day today as
much as I hate to admit it you are the
only person that did it right can you
say a+ this submission is from youtuber
Yas so you already get an F ha ha ha we
all know this gift I'm gonna press play
you know what's gonna happen oh look at
him go
[Laughter]
hey but I can't help it I'm giving you
an A - because that's cheating
you know that's my king this one is from
actually David E and I know there are a
lot of David he's out there but uh this
one's actually David E let's go jump in
yes I'm just gonna
this is the whole thing it's just all
them on top of each other the execution
is there but it's not the kind of thing
that I want to sit down and watch
through from start to finish I'm giving
you a b-minus which is a perfectly
acceptable grade this users name is
audism and you said I have to practice
so we know that this one's gonna be
great so let's just jump into it yes Oh
got it
right we all get it you're just gonna
yep okay let's fast-forward that's the
whole video so it's just layers on
layers on layers and you have to forgive
me I have a very short attention span
much like YouTube I will say that this
is a technical achievement but it's a
very boring one to watch see this is
what you were looking for right
jacksFilms play with sound please don't
ever tell me how to play something I'll
play with sound but not because you told
me to right off the bat I love the
watermark brilliant idea putting white
text on a bright green background nobody
steal this please thank you
yes god yes
[Music]
yes 8 plus plus plus the amount of
editing is disgusting knobbly
productions I'm so sorry for making fun
of your watermark earlier uh-oh we have
another furry in the avatar
simple b-plus and the vertical display
ratio makes this the perfect format
for smartphones this cocky dude simply
wrote your welcome
I like the attitude but let's see if it
delivers how I get it we're in hell
I really I really do appreciate that you
somehow like heat out my head and put a
different head on my neck this is awful
I kind of love it can this be the new
Squidward suicide
I'm going to give you an a-plus I just I
don't know why someone had to do it what
an ominous terrifying opener Oh No
did you add the slide whistle effect
because that took this video from met to
incredible a plus chase you say that you
spent forever on this and you hate it
let's see if I hate it too hey Los
Angeles Wow see the interrupting each
other thing works really well for this I
feel like I'm shouting whoa this is the
perfect one to end on because
everything's just great it clicks you
get an A plus a little pat on the back
and the kiss on the forehead so today's
video is sponsored by a rake on earbuds
these are how I listen to my audio books
my kids Bob my cake sitting videos oh
and I take calls with them - I love how
teeny tiny the cases it's like the
Gameboy micro of earbud cases so cute
they're great for working out or running
honestly I wear them every time I take
my dogs out for a walk it just makes
phone calls super easier sometimes I
take calls with them just inside the
house and the case itself can charge the
earbuds multiple times on a single
charge ray count was co-founded by Ray J
and it's gotten love from celebs like my
best friend Snoop Dogg rake on earbuds
start at about half the price of any
other premium wireless earbuds on the
market they sound just as amazing as any
other top audio brands you know and
their latest model is their best one yet
with six hours of playtime seamless
bluetooth pairing more bass and a more
compact design that gives you a nice
noise isolating fit and it also comes in
new fun colors click the link in the
description below to get 15% off your
order oh I have a challenge for you
please please let me fix your terrible
profile pics avatars whatever you want
to call him I know I did something like
this before in the past but I wasn't
using like the real Big Boy Photoshop
now I'm ready for the real Big Boy
Photoshop leave your answers in the
comments below
I'll pick my favorites in the next
episode of yeah
please subscribe so I can fix your
avatars also click right here to see the
previously I episode um here's a clip if
you could make some tinder profiles for
my wife and myself and leader of my
church youth group Wow
they say gamers last longer looking for
a boyfriend for my wife
[Applause]